{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Ryan
\f1\fs26 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 Matt
\f1\fs26 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 Nick
\f1\fs26 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 There will be a new way to get to the site. It will be centered around a new theme and interface of "#findyourinterest." There will be a site that can be accessed through qr code. On the site it will ask you certain questions to find correlating similarities in exhibits offered by the museum. Once the search has been narrowed down an exhibition will be suggested with a prompt saying something cosisting of "find this interest for FREE\'a0at the art museum." which will lead to the museum's home page.
\f1\fs26 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 The specific goal of the site is to draw attention to\'a0the new exhibits, promoting the aspect that it is free. The way we can measure the success is to add google analytics. The more views, the more successful the site is because more people are viewing the content. We can also see more information about who the viewer is and how they are viewing the content. The hashtag can also be used to monitor on social media. Once they find an exhibit they like they can share it with #FindYourInterset which will be suggested. We propose to launch the microsite through Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, and qr code. A side promotional project is signs on campus that students pass everyday, and student transportation through UK busses, that would be suggested to use the qr code that is provided.
\f1\fs26 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa0\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \'a0\
}